[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: From here on,
we're gonna try to do sort of before and
after comparisons.
So what I'm really do is just
actually split my screen here.
And we'll try to have kind of a before and
after of each of these
features that we discuss.
So we'll start by talking
about this kind of scenario
which is a function that receives
a parameter that we wanna give essentially
some kind of default value too and you've
probably seen something kind of like this.
And we've seen that before using the OR
operator this is kind of referred to as
the default value idiom or
the default parameter idiom.
Usually, you see that at the top of the
function so you see one of those lines for
each one of the parameters that you
wanna give some default value too.
For example,
pass in something like foo without
anything we know X is gonna end up as 42.
But what happens if we pass in foo of 0?
Does x end up a 0 or does it end up as 42?
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Kyle Simpson: If you aren't really
aware yet of what's going on with or
operator it does a truthy test on
the first argument, on the first operand.
And if it's true or truthy,
it returns that operand,
otherwise, it returns the other operand.
So 0 is a falsey value,
meaning that it will fail and
end up returning 42 value, okay?
So we can't affirmatively pass in
something that's falsey like 0,
null, undefined, etc.
So really technically,
the long form the not cheating
form of this is to say if X
is not equal to undefined.
Then use X otherwise,
you use the default value, okay?
That's really how you write the full
version of that default value ADM.
So, if we pass in 0 now of course
we're gonna get 0, if we pass a null.
If we passing through
without anything we get 42.
If we also pass in undefined,
we're still gonna get 42.
So undefined in this case becomes
the empty value and everything
else including all becomes an actual
affirmative value that we care about.
Undefined means I'm not passing anything
here it's like a placeholder, okay?
My recommendation is to try to treat
undefined in all is indistinguishable
except in this particular case we.
We need to distinguish between undefined
in also that's what this idiom does, okay?
The long form of that is what we would
refer to as the imperative form.
We're telling JavaScript how
to compute the default value.
Rather than leading with the default
values matter fact the default values all
the way down here at the end.
So somebody reading through this code for
the first time unless
they recognize the ADM.
They're gonna have to read
through all of that and
get to the end visually before they
understand what the default value this.
So when we set up earlier at the beginning
of the workshop this notion of imperative
versus declarative that's
what we're gonna see here.
And a lot of these side
by side comparisons,
the imperative form versus
the new declarative form.
In the S6, we now have a declarative
form which allows us to specify
that default value right inside
the function signature, okay?
So we don't need to do any of
that imperative processing or
telling JavaScript if it comes
in as undefined or missing.
Go ahead and
apply the default value to it.
So in this case,
if we pass in foo of 0 we get 0,
if we pass in null we get null, if we
don't pass in anything we get the 42.
If we pass in undefined
we also get the 42, okay?
What do think happens if I do this?
Foo.apply.
Don't care about my this,
what happens if I apply an empty
array to the arguments list of foo?
What's x gonna be?
>> Speaker 3: 42.
>> Kyle Simpson: 42, what happens if
I apply one with an empty slot in it?
>> Speaker 3: 42.
>> Kyle Simpson: Still gonna be 42.
In all those cases, we end up
effectively passing in undefined,
which then triggers the default algorithm,
okay?
So pretty straightforward, we now have
the ability to declare our default values.